asd
ls
gcc
exit
cd ../lem-in/
ls
make
mkdir -p ../objects/exit
ls
cd ..
ls
rm -rvf objects/
ls
cd lem-in/
exit
cd ~/workspace/lem-in/
ls
make
ls
./lem-in prueba4.map 
ls srcs/
make 
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make 
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make 
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make 
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
cat includes/lem-in.h 
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make
./lem-in prueba4.map 
make fclean
exit
